add ngram tokenizer docs (#8496)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/tokenizers/ngram.md

          "tokenizer": "my_ngram_tokenizer"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Generated tokens

Use the following request to examine the tokens generated using the analyzer:

```json
POST /my_index/_analyze
{
  "analyzer": "my_ngram_analyzer",
  "text": "OpenSearch"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The response contains the generated tokens:

```json
{
  "tokens": [
    {"token": "Sea","start_offset": 0,"end_offset": 3,"type": "word","position": 0},
    {"token": "Sear","start_offset": 0,"end_offset": 4,"type": "word","position": 1},
    {"token": "ear","start_offset": 1,"end_offset": 4,"type": "word","position": 2},
    {"token": "earc","start_offset": 1,"end_offset": 5,"type": "word","position": 3},
    {"token": "arc","start_offset": 2,"end_offset": 5,"type": "word","position": 4},
    {"token": "arch","start_offset": 2,"end_offset": 6,"type": "word","position": 5},
    {"token": "rch","start_offset": 3,"end_offset": 6,"type": "word","position": 6}
  ]
}
```

## Parameters

The `ngram` tokenizer can be configured with the following parameters.

Parameter | Required/Optional | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- 

> `min_gram` | Optional | Integer | Minimum length of n-grams. Default is `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`min_gram` | Optional | Integer | The minimum length of the n-grams. Default is `1`.
```

> `max_gram` | Optional | Integer | Maximum length of n-grams. Default is `2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`max_gram` | Optional | Integer | The maximum length of the n-grams. Default is `2`.
```

> `token_chars` | Optional | List of strings | Character classes to be included in tokenization. Valid values are:<br>- `letter`<br>- `digit`<br>- `whitespace`<br>- `punctuation`<br>- `symbol`<br>- `custom` (You must also specify the `custom_token_chars` parameter)<br>Default is empty list (`[]`), which retains all the characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_chars` | Optional | List of strings | The character classes to be included in tokenization. Valid values are:<br>- `letter`<br>- `digit`<br>- `whitespace`<br>- `punctuation`<br>- `symbol`<br>- `custom` (You must also specify the `custom_token_chars` parameter)<br>Default is an empty list (`[]`), which retains all the characters.
```

> `custom_token_chars` | Optional | String | Custom characters to be included as part of the tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`custom_token_chars` | Optional | String | Custom characters to be included in the tokens.
```

### Maximum difference between `min_gram` and `max_gram`

The maximum difference between `min_gram` and `max_gram` is configured using the index-level `index.max_ngram_diff` setting and defaults to `1`.

> The following example creates index with a custom `index.max_ngram_diff` setting: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example request creates an index with a custom `index.max_ngram_diff` setting: 
```
